Q.1
Read the question carefully and follow the input and output format.

Given an input array which contains age of some employees, write a program to find the sum of ages of employees greater than 18.

Input and Output Format :
First line of input consists of n, the number of elements. Next n lines correspond to the array elements. Output consist of an integer, which is the sum.

1) Print "Invalid array size" when size of the array is a negative number and terminate the program.
2) Print "Invalid input" when there is any negative number available in the input array and terminate the program.

Include a function named newArraySum(int age[],int size) whose return type is an integer, which is the sum.

Sample Input 1:
5
21
22
17
10
25
Sample Output 1:
68

Sample Input 2:
6
50
-36

Sample Output 2:
Invalid input

Q.2
Write a program to find if the student is eligible for first, second or third grade universities by finding the average of their marks given in the input integer array.
 Grade should be calculated as given below :
Average >80 First Grade University
Average >60 Second Grade University
Otherwise Third Grade University
 Include a function named calculateGrade that accepts 2 arguments and returns an integer. 
 The first argument is the input array and the second argument is an int that corresponds to the size of the array. 
 The function returns an integer that corresponds to the university type. 
 The function returns 1 if the student is eligible for First Grade univesity, 
 returns 2 if the student is eligible for Second Grade University, 
 returns 3 if the student is eligible for Third Grade University and 
 returns -1 if the average is greater than 99.
 
If the size of the array is negative or if any element in the array is negative or if the average marks scored by the student is greater than 99 , 
print “Invalid Input” and terminate the program.

 Input and Output Format:
Input consists of n+1 integers. The first integer corresponds to n, the number of elements in the array. The next 'n' integers correspond to the elements in the array.
Output consists of a string --- “First Grade University” or “Second Grade University” or “Third Grade University” or “Invalid Input”.
Assume that the maximum size of the array is 20.
Sample Input 1:
5
92
87
78
74
80
 
Sample Output 1:
First Grade University
 Sample Input 2:
-5
Sample Output 2:
Invalid Input
Sample Input 3:
5
23
2
-5
 Sample Output 3:
Invalid Input


Q.3
Jim got his salary. His salary calculations are as follows.
From his Basic amount he gets 50% of his basic for house Rent allowances and 75% of his basic as special allowances . 
If the number of days he worked is 31 he gets 500 extra. Write a program to calculate his gross salary after calculating all his salary split up.
 
Include a function named calculateGross that accepts 2 integer arguments and returns a float. 
The first integer corresponds to Jim's basic salary and the second integer corresponds to the number of days Jim has worked. 
The function returns a float that corresponds to the gross salary.

 Print Invalid Input and terminate the program in the following cases:
1.       Basic salary is greater than 10000
2.       Number of working days is greater than 31
3.       Basic salary is negative
4.       Number of working days is 0 or negative
Input and Output Format:
Input consists of 2 integers. The first integer corresponds to Jim's basic salary and the second integer corresponds to the number of days he has worked.
Output consists of a single float that corresponds to Jim's gross salary. The gross salary is displayed correct to 2 decimal places.
 Sample Input 1:
5000
30
 Sample Output 1:
11250 .00
 Sample Input 2:
5000
0
Sample Output 2:
Invalid Input
